Apply v1.5 updates (#9722)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/roadmap/index.md

- The Splurge: other upgrades that don't fit well into the previous categories.

We decided not to use this terminology because we wanted to use a simpler and more user-centric model. Although we use user-centric language, the vision remains the same as the one proposed by Vitalik.

## What about sharding? {#what-about-sharding}

> Sharding is splitting up the Ethereum blockchain so that subsets of validators are only responsible for a fraction of the total data. This was originally intended to be the way for Ethereum to scale. However, layer 2 rollups have developed much faster than expected and have provided a lot of scaling already, and will provide much more after Proto-Danksharding is implemented. This means sharding the chain is no longer needed and has been dropped from the roadmap.

Reviewer: Just a thought to make this even clearer, but not a big deal:
```suggestion
Sharding is splitting up the Ethereum blockchain so that subsets of validators are only responsible for a fraction of the total data. This was originally intended to be the way for Ethereum to scale. However, layer 2 rollups have developed much faster than expected and have provided a lot of scaling already, and will provide much more after Proto-Danksharding is implemented. This means "shard chains" are no longer needed and have been dropped from the roadmap.
```

## Looking for specific technical upgrades? {#looking-for-specific-technical-upgrades}

> - [Danksharding](/roadmap/danksharding) - Danksharding makes layer 2 rollups much cheaper for users by adding “blobs” of data to Ethereum blocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Danksharding](/roadmap/danksharding) - Danksharding makes layer 2 rollups much cheaper by adding small amounts of data (called "blobs") to each block on the Ethereum blockchain.
```

Slight rewording might make this a bit more approachable. Feel free to disregard it if you don't think this improves this, it's pretty minor.
